NEXT-25314 - Add docs for template priority in apps (#880)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/apps/storefront/README.md

You may want to include custom assets inside your app, like custom fonts, etc.
Therefore, place the assets you need in the `/Resources/public` folder. All files inside this folder are available over the [asset-system](../../plugins/storefront/add-custom-assets.md#adding-custom-assets-to-your-plugin).

## Custom Template Priority

{% hint style="info" %}
Note that this feature was introduced in Shopware 6.4.12.0, and is not supported in previous versions.
{% endhint %}

> You may want that your templates are loaded before other extensions or after extensions. So you can define a `load-priority` inside your `manifest.xml`. The default value is 0 and positive numbers your template will be loaded earlier and with negative numbers later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want your templates loaded before or after other extensions. To do so, you can define a `load-priority` inside your `manifest.xml`. The default value to this is 0, with positive numbers your template will be loaded earlier, and with negative numbers later.
```
